Given an array of positive numbers and a positive number S
you need to find the length of the smallest
contiguous sub array whose sum is greater than or equal to S.
And if there is no such sub exist, just return zero.
For example, let us take this array and S
value as seven.
Here we need to find the length of the smallest
contiguous sub array whose sum is greater than or equal
to seven.
First let us write all the contiguous sub arrays whose
sum is greater than or equal to seven.
From that we can pick the smallest one. The first
sub array whose sum is greater than or equal to seven
is 4 1 5. It's sum is 10 and length is 3 and
the next sub array is 1 5 2
It's sum is eight and length is three and the next sub array
is 5 2. It's sum is seven and its length is
two and the next sub array is 5 2 4
It's sum is 11 and length is 3 and the last
sub array whose sum is greater than or equal to seven
is 2 4 1. It's sum is seven and its
length is 3.
Here the sub array 5 2 is the smallest contiguous sub array
whose sum is greater than or equal to seven
So the output will be two, which is the length
of this subarray.
So your task is to write the logic to solve
this problem. See some sample inputs and corresponding outputs.
If the input array is  4 1 5 2 4 1 and
given S is equal to seven then the smaller is
contiguous sub array whose sum is greater than or equal to
seven is 5 2. So the expected output is two.
Now if given is 1 5 4 2 1 8 and given s is
equal to seven, then the smallest contiguous sub array whose
sum is greater than or equal to seven is eight
It's length is one, so the expected output is one.